Launch Manual V2 Skeleton (#172)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/docs/launch-manual-v2/index.md

---
title: Launch Manual v2
---

> Here you will find the V2 of the Launch Manual. A redisgined and reimagined way to browse and read our documentation. With the goal of being easier than before to understand, skim, and consume.

Reviewer: ... Launch Manual V2: A red**e**signed and ...

yk maybe there should be a linter for typos, like gwern's blog

> Here you will find the V2 of the Launch Manual. A redisgined and reimagined way to browse and read our documentation. With the goal of being easier than before to understand, skim, and consume.

Author: > ... Launch Manual V2: A red**e**signed and ...
> 
> yk maybe there should be a linter for typos, like gwern's blog

There is actually, and it's currently failing. Probably should've paid it more attention

Currently this page is not linked on the sidebar as it is nowhere near complete. But if you've found the page by accident feel free to click onto the standard Launch Manual on the sidebar as the documentation there is complete.

Otherwise with that said lets get onto our docs.

## [Pulsar Package Registry Frontend Website](/docs/launch-manual-v2/sections/ppr-frontend)

> Detials and Guides to using the Pulsar Package Registry Frontend Website, where you can manage your Pulsar User Account, and browse the available Packages for Pulsar from any device on the web.

Reviewer: Details

> Detials and Guides to using the Pulsar Package Registry Frontend Website, where you can manage your Pulsar User Account, and browse the available Packages for Pulsar from any device on the web.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Guide to using the Pulsar Package Registry, where you can manage your Pulsar user account and browse the available packages for Pulsar from any device on the web.
```
